Well, if you the fire we are talking about, stop loss hunting. And I don't want people hunting for you. Now, I've spoken about stop losses in previous videos. Actually, my very first core swing trading, I was like, you should have mental stop losses. I want you to be careful because people can see them. And large institutions breaking news can see them. And these people have a lot of money, and they can move a lot of money. And I just don't want them moving your money. Now, I'm going to go back to this one. because I know I'm gonna find it, and I'm gonna open it, BTC, here we go. Back to Bitcoin, because I see this all the time. Now I'm gonna help you with this one. Let's say, boy, that price is moving. And they always put it in on lines. That's the 200 day moving average. You can see, now someone will put in, like that's where I'll put my stop loss. I can guarantee you, you're gonna come back, what's it trading out right now? $85,000. This you're gonna have your stop loss at Hold on let's let's let's move 81 Four okay, you'll put your stop loss if it hits there Then okay, they're gonna come down there. They're gonna grab it and it's the price is gonna go right back up to 85,000 and you're like what what happened? Where'd my order go wait? It filled you took out my stop loss? I didn't want to sell it for 81,000 and that's why I was saying it's always it's If you can, now it's dangerous and it depends on the brokerage, because like I've said before, brokerages don't allow it because of the risk. But if they do allow it, I'll save you some money. All right, I'm gonna zoom in on this and I'm gonna show you. All right, so back to some key levels. This would have been a key level, the blue one, the red one, but it did cut through. Now you're looking at the 200. Now let's see, okay, I'm gonna change the candles. I- I will bet you $12 for your one donut. Cause I'm gonna take your donut. Let's see. Watch me be wrong. Do I see a wick? I do see a wick. I'm gonna zoom in. You see the gray, it's hard to see it. But it wicks down here and just barely just touches that 200 and pops right back up to 85,000. Where's my money? And institutions have this data. They can see it. So what I need you to do is go outside. Like there was... the 200 go go below it like stay away stay away from specific trend lines that everyone can see so more importantly than that I need you to do it because once you experience where my money go then you're like oh okay it's kind of like boxing you guys can watch it on TV or football you get punched in the mouth you're like wow and again everyone has a plan till they get punched in the mouth Mike Tyson I just don't want you get well I mean I do want you to get punched in the mouth. you to feel it. Get out of your chair or go get into the chair and click button so you can experience what it's like being punched in the face. With that I will see you in the next trade.